[Music]
if you listen to me closely I'll tell
you what I know
storm clouds are gathering I mean it's
gonna blow
the race of man is suffering and I can
hear the moan
there's nobody but nobody can make it
out here alone
her name is Justus I love you thousand
the county jail sent me on my spores to
escape the violence of the streets she
needed the poetry in her heart you've
got to move on out there some ways his
name is lucky which I'm doing looking
for some busses the jack to face the
madness around him all he had was the
music in his soul fate brought them
together
anger kept them apart I'm a black woman
okay I deserve respect but for both of
them you know he trippin cuz he liked
you the road ahead was the only way to
leave the pain behind
free up today and she said you were in
town
we met to me
[Music]
be strong
Columbia Pictures presents a story about
losing your fear and finding your way
what are you right about that was in my
heart what's that
Janet Jackson
through parkour
poetic justice
[Music]
from the creator of boys in the hood
you
[Music]